Adding bloom command meta data, bloom group and bloom data type documentaion (#233)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: topics/data-types.md

* [Overview of HyperLogLog](hyperloglogs.md)
* [HyperLogLog command reference](../commands/#hyperloglog)

## Bloom Filter

> [Bloom filters](bloomfilters.md) provides a space efficient probabilistic data structure that allows checking if an element is a member of a set. False positives are possible, but it guarantees no false negatives.

Author: I tried to make this more understandable but I think potentially having what I use in the exists and mexists commands could also work if the new version still isn't great

* [Overview of HyperLogLog](hyperloglogs.md)
* [HyperLogLog command reference](../commands/#hyperloglog)

## Bloom Filter

> [Bloom filters](bloomfilters.md) are a space efficient data type that can tell you if something is definitely not in a set, or it might be in the set. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Bloom filters](bloomfilters.md) are a space efficient probabilistic data type that can be used to check if item/s are definitely not present in a set, or if they exist within the set (with the configured false positive rate). 
```

> [Bloom filters](bloomfilters.md) are a space efficient probabilistic data type that can be used to check if item/s are definitely not present in a set, or if they exist within the set (with the configured false positive rate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Bloom filters](bloomfilters.md) are a space efficient probabilistic data structure that allows adding elements and checking if item/s are definitely not present, or if there is a possibility they exist (with the configured false positive rate)
```

> [Bloom filters](bloomfilters.md) are a space efficient probabilistic data structure that allows adding elements and checking if item/s are definitely not present, or if there is a possibility they exist (with the configured false positive rate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Bloom filters](bloomfilters.md) are a space efficient probabilistic data structure that allows adding elements and checking if item/s are definitely not present, or if there is a possibility they exist (with the configured false positive rate).
```

> Bloom filters are provided by the module `valkey-bloom`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bloom filter data type / command support is provided by the `valkey-bloom` module.
```
